# Student-Polling

Project Objective:
	The objective of my project is to create an interactive web application for students and instructors to allow for a more interactive and engaged classroom as well as providing data on how well the students are understanding the concept taught while also providing a resource for students to look back on to study.
My Objective:
	My objective is to apply the knowledge I have learned over the past four years in developing this project and enhance my skills. I will gain a greater understanding of what I have learned including scripting techniques, database design and GUI design. I will also be able to show this to possible future employers during my interview for reference.
Project Description:
	The student polling app is made to keep students engaged and interactive in the classroom. The web application will allow students to sign into classes and answer questions posted by the instructor as class goes along. 
The instructor can take a screenshot of their screen and upload it in order to display its contents to the students. Then the instructor can choose the type of question it is such as multiple choice and short answer and the students will receive the image on their end as well as the option to answer the question. Afterwards the answers will be displayed anonymously as either multiple answers for short answer or a bar graph for multiple choice and the instructor can choose which of the answers are correct and the question will be saved for reference. The answers are originally outputted anonymously so they instructor can share all of the answers with the class, but the instructor will also be able to see who exactly gave which response when looking for more details.   
Since every question is automatically saved, both the instructors and students can use the web application at home in order to see how they responded to every question and what the correct answer is in order to study.
	The web application will use each students SSU login in order to keep track of them and sign into class in order to keep track of grades and attendance. Each course will be separated into classes that each have a unique code the instructor can give to the students so they can join the class. Every lecture the instructor starts a class a new session will be created that can be sorted by the topic to keep things more organized. Since everything is saved and sorted, the instructors can look back to previous classes from earlier semesters to compare averages so they can better understand what areas students tend to struggle on more and revamp the way they teach that topic. 
	The web application will have three separate types of users with different permissions or privileges to use the app. The Student user will have the least amount of permissions only being allowed to view the classes they are in and their own answers. The Instructor user will be able to create and delete classes, view all the classes they teach, be able to upload and create questions, and view every student’s answers in their classes. Lastly, the Admin user will be able to view all of the information in every class, create and delete courses, and will have all of the permissions of the previous account types as well.
